🗣️ Get in Touch

There are two main pathways for reaching out to our team:

1. Join the OSF Community Discord

The OSF Discord is the best place to chat with other contributors and ask quick questions.

Join us here: https://discord.gg/KDWasAks5y

We have topic-specific channels for development, documentation, onboarding, and more.

2. Contact COS Support

For help with your OSF account or questions about using the OSF platform, email: Support@cos.io

Our support team is happy to assist with platform issues, user questions, or general feedback.

🔎 Self-Service Resources

Support Guides

We maintain a public knowledge base with tutorials, FAQs, and troubleshooting guides.

Browse our resources at: https://help.osf.io

These are especially useful if you're looking for information about OSF features, workflows, or integrations.

🐞 Reporting Issues

If you find a bug in osf.io or would like to propose a new feature, please file an issue report in CenterForOpenScience/osf.io. Below we have some information on how to best report the issue, but if you’re short on time or new to this, don’t worry! We really want to know about the problem, so go ahead and report it. If you do this a lot, or you just want to know how to make it easier for us to find and fix the problem, keep reading.

If you would like to report a security issue, please email contact@osf.io for instructions on how to report the security issue. Do not include details of the issue in that email.

Quick link: Submit an issue using that link and you will have a handy template to save you a little time in your issue reporting.

How to make the best issue

Before opening a new issue, please search the existing issues to check if it’s already been reported.

When submitting an issue, be as descriptive as possible:

What you did (step by step)

Where does this happen on the OSF?

What you expected

What actually happened

Check the JavaScript console in the browser (e.g., in Chrome go to View → Developer → JavaScript console) and report errors

If it's an issue with staging, report whether or not it also occurs on production

If an error was generated, report what time it occurred and the specific URL

Potential causes

Suggest a solution

What will it look like when this issue is resolved?

Include pictures (e.g., in macOS press Cmd+Shift+4 to draw a box to screenshot)

Examples of good issue reporting: #382(https://github.com/CenterForOpenScience/osf.io/issues/382), #713(https://github.com/CenterForOpenScience/osf.io/issues/713)
